README.md, before:

burger_builder_basic

## Table of Contents

- [Folder Structure](#folder-structure)
- [Project Organization](#project-organization)


## Project Organisation

```
<Components -<> Hold components that make up the Burger >
    <Burger --- positions burger ingredients>
        <BurgerIngredients  --  makes up each individual layer 
                            -- each component generated by switch case
        ></BurgerIngredients>
    </Burger>
    <Layout></Layout>
</Components>
<Containers -- Wrapper for other components>
</Containers>
<hoc Higher Order Container To group adjacent JSX in place of a <div> </hoc>
```

1. each layer of burger represented by `BurgerIngredients`
2. burger represented by `Burger`

## Folder Structure

```
my-app/
  README.md
  node_modules/
  package.json
  public/
    index.html
    favicon.ico
  src/
    assets/
        images/
            burger-logo.png 
    components/
        Burger/
            BuildControls/
            BurgerIngredients/
            OrderSummary/
        Layout/
        Logo/
        Navigation/
            NavigationItems/
                NavigationItem/
            SideDrawer/
                DrawerToggle/
            Toolbar/
        UI/
            Backdrop/
            Button/
            Modal/
    containers/
        BurgerBuilder/
    hoc/        
    App.css
    App.js
    App.test.js
    index.css
    index.js
    logo.svg
```

Commit message:

Adding links to udemy
Adding links to udemy

README.md, after:

burger_builder_basic

This project is a recreation of an application built as a part of  [react-the-complete-guide-incl-redux](https://www.udemy.com/react-the-complete-guide-incl-redux/) section-8 from [udemy](https://www.udemy.com/)
## Table of Contents

- [Folder Structure](#folder-structure)
- [Project Organization](#project-organization)


## Project Organisation

```
<Components -<> Hold components that make up the Burger >
    <Burger --- positions burger ingredients>
        <BurgerIngredients  --  makes up each individual layer 
                            -- each component generated by switch case
        ></BurgerIngredients>
    </Burger>
    <Layout></Layout>
</Components>
<Containers -- Wrapper for other components>
</Containers>
<hoc Higher Order Container To group adjacent JSX in place of a <div> </hoc>
```

1. each layer of burger represented by `BurgerIngredients`
2. burger represented by `Burger`

## Folder Structure

```
my-app/
  README.md
  node_modules/
  package.json
  public/
    index.html
    favicon.ico
  src/
    assets/
        images/
            burger-logo.png 
    components/
        Burger/
            BuildControls/
            BurgerIngredients/
            OrderSummary/
        Layout/
        Logo/
        Navigation/
            NavigationItems/
                NavigationItem/
            SideDrawer/
                DrawerToggle/
            Toolbar/
        UI/
            Backdrop/
            Button/
            Modal/
    containers/
        BurgerBuilder/
    hoc/        
    App.css
    App.js
    App.test.js
    index.css
    index.js
    logo.svg
```
